README.md, before:

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".github/mark-dark.svg">
  <img alt="Dojo logo" align="right" width="120" src=".github/mark-light.svg">
</picture>

<a href="https://twitter.com/dojostarknet">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dojostarknet?style=social"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dojoengine/dojo?style=social"/>
</a>

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/join-dojo-green?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/PwDa2mKhR4)
[![Telegram Chat][tg-badge]][tg-url]

[tg-badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?color=neon&logo=telegram&label=chat&style=flat-square&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftg.sumanjay.workers.dev%2Fdojoengine
[tg-url]: https://t.me/dojoengine

# Dojo Starter: Official Guide

The official Dojo Starter guide, the quickest and most streamlined way to get your Dojo provable game up and running. This guide will assist you with the initial setup, from cloning the repository to deploying your world.

Read the full tutorial [here](https://book.dojoengine.org/tutorial/dojo-starter).

---

## Contribution

This starter project is a constant work in progress and contributions are greatly appreciated!

1. **Report a Bug**

   - If you think you have encountered a bug, and we should know about it, feel free to report it [here](https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo-starter/issues) and we will take care of it.

2. **Request a Feature**

   - You can also request for a feature [here](https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo-starter/issues), and if it's viable, it will be picked for development.

3. **Create a Pull Request**
   - It can't get better then this, your pull request will be appreciated by the community.

Happy coding!

Commit message:

feat: add player card and stages envs

README.md, after:

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset=".github/mark-dark.svg">
  <img alt="Dojo logo" align="right" width="120" src=".github/mark-light.svg">
</picture>

<a href="https://twitter.com/dojostarknet">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/dojostarknet?style=social"/>
</a>
<a href="https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/dojoengine/dojo?style=social"/>
</a>

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/join-dojo-green?logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/PwDa2mKhR4)
[![Telegram Chat][tg-badge]][tg-url]

[tg-badge]: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?color=neon&logo=telegram&label=chat&style=flat-square&url=https%3A%2F%2Ftg.sumanjay.workers.dev%2Fdojoengine
[tg-url]: https://t.me/dojoengine

# Kageki Duels: An On-Chain Card PvP party based game 

The official Dojo Starter guide, the quickest and most streamlined way to get your Dojo provable game up and running. This guide will assist you with the initial setup, from cloning the repository to deploying your world.

Read the full tutorial [here](https://book.dojoengine.org/tutorial/dojo-starter).

---

## Contribution

This starter project is a constant work in progress and contributions are greatly appreciated!

1. **Report a Bug**

   - If you think you have encountered a bug, and we should know about it, feel free to report it [here](https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo-starter/issues) and we will take care of it.

2. **Request a Feature**

   - You can also request for a feature [here](https://github.com/dojoengine/dojo-starter/issues), and if it's viable, it will be picked for development.

3. **Create a Pull Request**
   - It can't get better then this, your pull request will be appreciated by the community.

Happy coding!
